Homework checking system course instuctor's manual:

Step 1 (When the semester starts):
   Get a course ID (a small positive integer) from the administrator.
   Note that each semeter the course is given, it will be assigned a new ID.

Step 2 (For every homework):
   Add a line to the assignments.csv file in your home directory (in cs.telhai.ac.il).
   The following is a sample content of such a file.

courseId,shortName,name,type,deadline
2,W1,Wet Assignment 1,CFlat,15/11/2016 16:00
2,W2,Wet Assignment 2,CFlat,07/12/2016 18:00

   Please pay attention to
   - Not to modify the first line
   - Separate the fields with comma characters
   - Not to leave spaces before or after the comma characters.
   - Adhere to the date format in the deadline field

   courseId: Is the ID of the course metioned in Step 1
   shortName: Is the short name for the homework that will be used by the students in their submission file name.
              (should be unique within the same course)
   name: Is a descriptive name for the homework
   type is one of the following:
   CFlat: A submission that contains only *.c files and *.txt files (for documentation purposes)
          with no subdirectories.
          The system will a) compile every .c file using "gcc -Wall -g -c"
                          b) link all the ".o" files to a program called "prog"
                          c) will test "prog" on your test inputs, i.e. on every file in the homework's directory
                             whose name starts with "input"  (see Step 3) and verifies that the output matches
                             the content of the corresponding file whose name starts with "output".

Step 3 (For every homework):
   Publish the course id and homework's short name to students.

Step 4 (For every homework):
   Create a directory under your home directory with the same name as the short name of the homework
   You can add anything to this directory. The system will consider only relevant files, depending on
   the type of the homework.